Fabrizio was 21 years old when they confirmed his test result: HIV positive.
Fabrizio je 21 let, když se potvrdila jeho výsledek testu: HIV pozitivní.

potvrdila výsledek



As advocates and state officials plan for a new frontier of legalized sales, they are also anxiously awaiting direction from the federal government, which still plans to treat the sale and cultivation of marijuana as federal crimes.
Jak advokáti a státní úředníci plánují na novou hranici legalizace prodeje, jsou také netrpělivě očekávali směrem od federální vlády, která stále plánuje považovat prodej a pěstování marihuany za federální zločin.

jsou očekávali
očekávali směrem



He advocates a complete overhaul of the system for granting public contracts and party funding: "We can't go any lower; getting to the bottom of things, with courage, will help to rebuild the house on more solid foundations, with more controls and laws."
Prosazuje kompletní revizi systému udělování veřejných zakázek a financování politických stran: „můžeme jít dolů, dostat se k jádru věci, s odvahou, pomůže vybudovat dům na pevnějších základech, s většími kontrolami a zákony.“




I won't lie to you.
Nebudu vám lhát.



In December you are even organising a unique series of three concerts against the end of the world.
V prosinci se dokonce organizují jedinečnou sérii tří koncertů proti konci světa.

se organizují


The repercussions of this research on the daily life of the man in the street are more difficult to predict, but it would be wrong to assume that there won't be any.
Důsledky tohoto výzkumu každodenního života člověka na ulici je obtížnější předpovídat, ale bylo by mylné se domnívat, že tam nebude žádný.

důsledky nebude žádný


It was a second-year English student named James who introduced himself as a member of the OUCA.
Byl to dvouletý anglický student jménem James, který se představil jako člen OUCA.

dvouletý student


"Some people like the aquavit more than the rakfisk," says Havard.
„Někteří lidé jako aquavit více než Norska,“ říká Havard.

jako aquavit více 
Rakfisk


Mr Netanyahu, whose Likud party has merged with an even more hawkish lot under Avigdor Lieberman in the run-up to an election on January 22nd, is sitting pretty.
Pan Netanjahu, jehož Likud se sloučila s ještě radikálnějším hodně pod Avigdor Lieberman v předvečer volby 22. ledna, je v pohodě.




I have not considered it yet, because I have neither the time to verify that every party member has a clean background, nor the money to do it.
Ještě jsem to nepovažoval, protože nemám ani čas, aby se ověřilo, že každý člen strany má čisté pozadí, ani peníze.

nepovažoval


People accept orders.
Lidé přijímají objednávky.


The military said they put him on this restrictive status -- a step below suicide watch -- for his protection and the safety of others.
Armáda řekla, že ho dali tento omezující status - o krok dále sebevraždy - pro jeho ochranu a bezpečnost ostatních.


ho dali status


I have fans; the main thing is not to betray them, not to spoil what I have earned.
Mám fanoušky; hlavní je, aby se neprozradila, ani zkazit to, co jsem vydělal.

se neprozradila


So this is my suggestion for the Spijkenisse Book Mountain - for the so-called Boekenberg!
Tak to je můj návrh na Spijkenisse knih - za takzvanou Boekenberg!

Spijkenisee knih


Somerset House, former home of Queen Elizabeth I of England, is the only place in the British capital worthy of hosting a Valentino Garavani exhibition.
Somerset house, bývalý domov královny Alžběty I., je jediné místo v britském městě hodném hostování a Valentino Garavani výstavu.

hostování a výstavu


It would be nice to create a flexible analogue Kinect, play with the flexion of camera disposition and see how this will help in three-dimensional determination of the position.
To by bylo pěkné vytvořit flexibilní analogovou Kinect hru s flexí z kamery a uvidíme, jak to pomůže v trojrozměrném určení polohy.

analogovou Kinect
Kinect hru


