In fact, 11% of American citizens, i.e. 21 million people of voting age, do not possess a photo ID card issued by a government agency of their State.
Ve skutečnosti 11% amerických občanů, tj. 21 milionů lidí hlasovacího věku nemají průkaz vydaný státním orgánem svého státu.

21 milionů nemají

Pena Nieto was also eager to talk about the growth of the Mexican economy, which is one reason that Mexicans are now just as likely to stay in Mexico as venture to the United States.
Peňa Nieto byl také o růstu mexické ekonomiky, což je jeden z důvodů, že Mexičané jsou nyní stejně pravděpodobné, že zůstanou v Mexiku za podnik do spojených států.

byl také
Mexičané pravděpodobné
za podnik

Despite their huge profits, the mining company has not mechanised the sulphur extraction process to save costs, nor has it provided any equipment for the porters, who work for themselves and by the kilo.
Přes jejich obrovské zisky, těžební společnost má těžební proces síry ušetřit náklady, ani to neposkytlo žádné vybavení pro nosiče, které pracují pro sebe a po kilech.


Then there's the question of how we define boredom.
Pak je tu otázka, jak definovat nudu.

In Southern Azerbaijan, many people reach biblical ages.
V jižním Ázerbájdžánu, mnoho lidí dosahuje biblické věky.

When I see something I do not like, though, I try to find a solution to change things.
Když vidím něco, co se mi nelíbí, ale snažím se najít řešení, aby se něco změnilo.

Maybe she will push out the baby in a special room.
Možná vystrčí dítě ve zvláštní místnosti.

Their ordeal provoked a wave of solidarity and anti-Iranian feelings at home.
Jejich utrpení vyvolalo vlnu solidarity a protiíránských pocitů doma.

In Jaffa, you can meet newlyweds who come from all over Israel and even from other countries for photo sessions.
V Jaffě, můžete potkat novomanžele, kteří pocházejí z celého Izraele a dokonce i z jiných zemí relací fotografií.

relací fotografií

In one year, they will only spend 12.39 dollars more than now.
V jednom roce utratit pouze 12,39 dolaru.


